# Why email is so important

An email address is the most important thing you own on the internet.
With an email address you can log into Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
You can correspond with people around the world, sending documents,
videos and pictures. 

Most importantly, your email address can be used to reset the password
for any website you log into. Considering how valuable an email address
is, it's important to understand how it works and how to protect it.


# What an email address is made from

An email address has two parts. A user name and a server name.

    alice@example.com

It is a lot like the address on an envelope or parcel. The first part,
the user name, is who the letter is addressed to. The second part, the
server name, is like the address of the building; it contains enough
information to find a computer anywhere on the internet.

This analogy holds up very well. A building can contain a multiple of
people or a single occupant. For instance, think of a house with a
single family, or an office building with hundreds of workers inside.
Just the same, an email server can deliver mail to millions of users or
a single user.

You can also receive email through multiple servers, the same as you can
receive regular mail at more than one building. Think of personal
letters received at your home and work documents that you receive at the
office.


# Where email addresses come from


# Protecting your email address


## A more detailed explanation




---


Your phone number and home address are used by the government to contact 
you for important information.

If you think of an email like a letter, the username is the name of the
person printed on the envelope and the server name is the address of the
building the letter is to be delivered to. Just as multiple people can
live at a single address, multiple people can receive email through the
same server. And just as you can receive mail at both your home and work
address, you can receive email through multiple servers.

An email address is one of the most important parts of using the
Internet. More important than having a blog, or using Facebook or
Twitter, or having the Internet in your pocket. With an email address
you have a passport to virtually anything on the web. 

